PRIVACY POLICY

Thank You for downloading the app. This document covers all the information on how we use your information and why
you can trust us to be the partners on your fitness journey. 

Last updated : 5th March 2022

We respect the privacy of our users. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your
information when you visit our mobile application (TrackRecord). Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. 
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS THE APPLICATION.

We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. We will alert you about 
any changes by updating the “Last updated” date of this Privacy Policy. You are encouraged to periodically review this 
Privacy Policy to stay informed of updates. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will 
be deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Application after the 
date such revised Privacy Policy is posted.

This Privacy Policy does not apply to the third-party online/mobile store from which you install the Application or make 
payments, including any in-game virtual items, which may also collect and use data about you. We are not responsible for
any of the data collected by any such third party.

COLLECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION

We may collect information about you in a variety of ways. The information we may collect via the Application depends 
on the content and materials you use, and includes:

Personal Data

Demographic and other personally identifiable information (such as your name and email address) that you voluntarily give to us when choosing to participate in various activities related to the Application, such as chat, posting messages in comment sections or in our forums, liking posts, sending feedback, and responding to surveys. If you choose to share data about yourself via your profile, online chat, or other interactive areas of the Application, please be advised that all data you disclose in these areas is public and your data will be accessible to anyone who accesses the Application.

Derivative Data

Information our servers automatically collect when you access the Application, such as your native actions that are integral to the Application, including liking, re-blogging, or replying to a post, as well as other interactions with the Application and other users via server log files.

Mobile Device Access

We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device’s settings.

Push Notifications

We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or the Application. If you wish to opt-out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your device’s settings.

Marketing Communications

With your consent, or with an opportunity for you to withdraw consent, we may share your information with third parties for marketing purposes, as permitted by law.

Other Third Parties

We may share your information with advertisers and investors for the purpose of conducting general business analysis. We may also share your information with such third parties for marketing purposes, as permitted by law.

Sale or Bankruptcy

If we reorganize or sell all or a portion of our assets, undergo a merger, or are acquired by another entity, we may transfer your information to the successor entity. If we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, your information would be an asset transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and that the transferee may decline honor commitments we made in this Privacy Policy.

We are not responsible for the actions of third parties with whom you share personal or sensitive data, and we have no authority to manage or control third-party solicitations. If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails or other communications from third parties, you are responsible for contacting the third party directly.

TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES

Cookies and Web Beacons

We may use cookies, web beacons, tracking pixels, and other tracking technologies on the Application to help customize the Application and improve your experience. When you access the Application, your personal information is not collected through the use of tracking technology. Most browsers are set to accept cookies by default. You can remove or reject cookies, but be aware that such action could affect the availability and functionality of the Application. You may not decline web beacons. However, they can be rendered ineffective by declining all cookies or by modifying your web browser’s settings to notify you each time a cookie is tendered, permitting you to accept or decline cookies on an individual basis.

Internet-Based Advertising

Additionally, we may use third-party software to serve ads on the Application, implement email marketing campaigns, and manage other interactive marketing initiatives. This third-party software may use cookies or similar tracking technology to help manage and optimize your online experience with us. For more information about opting-out of interest-based ads, visit the Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out Tool or Digital Advertising Alliance Opt-Out Tool.

Website Analytics

We may also partner with selected third-party vendors, such as Google Analytics to allow tracking technologies and remarketing services on the Application through the use of first party cookies and third-party cookies, to, among other things, analyze and track users’ use of the Application, determine the popularity of certain content, and better understand online activity. By accessing the Application, you consent to the collection and use of your information by these third-party vendors. You are encouraged to review their privacy policy and contact them directly for responses to your questions. We do not transfer personal information to these third-party vendors.

You should be aware that getting a new computer, installing a new browser, upgrading an existing browser, or erasing or otherwise altering your browser’s cookies files may also clear certain opt-out cookies, plug-ins, or settings.

SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION

We use administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your personal information. While we have taken reasonable steps to secure the personal information you provide to us, please be aware that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse. Any information disclosed online is vulnerable to interception and misuse by unauthorized parties. Therefore, we cannot guarantee complete security if you provide personal information.

OPTIONS REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION

Account Information

You may at any time review or change the information in your account or terminate your account by: 

Logging into your account settings and updating your account
Contacting us using the contact information provided below

Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, some information may be retained in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms of Use and/or comply with legal requirements.

Emails and Communications

If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails, or other communications from us, you may opt-out by: 

Noting your preferences at the time you register your account with the Application
Logging into your account settings and updating your preferences.
Contacting us using the contact information provided below
If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails, or other communications from third parties, you are responsible for contacting the third party directly.

How We Use Information
What do we do with the information we collect? The short answer is: Provide you with an
amazing set of products and services that we relentlessly improve. Here are some of the
ways we do that:
  develop, operate, improve, deliver, maintain, and protect our products and services.
  send you communications, including by email. For example, we may use email to
  respond to support inquiries or to share information about our products, services,
  and promotional offers that we think may interest you.
  monitor and analyze trends and usage.
  personalize the services by, among other things, suggesting friends or profile
  information, or customizing the content we show you, including ads.
  contextualize your experience by, among other things, tagging your Memories
  content using your precise location data (if, of course, you've consented to us
  collecting that data) and applying other labels based on the content.
  improve ad targeting and measurement, including through the use of your precise
  location data (again, if you've consented to us collecting that data). See the Control


